Introduce Pre-commit-command (#2683)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Fixed an issue in **prepare-content** command where large code lines were broken.
* Added a logger warning to **get_demisto_version**, the task will now fail with a more informative message.
* Fixed an issue where the **upload** and **prepare-content** commands didn't add `fromServerVersion` and `toServerVersion` to layouts.
* Added **pre-commit** command to run pre-commit hooks on the content repo.

> * Added **run-unit-tests** command to run unit tests on the content repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the **run-unit-tests** command, to run unit tests of given content items inside their respective docker images.
```

> * Added support for filepath arguments in **validate** and **format** commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added support for filepath arguments in the **validate** and **format** commands.
```

> * Added pre-commit hooks for `validate`, `format`, `run-unit-tests` and `update-docker-image`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added pre-commit hooks for `validate`, `format`, `run-unit-tests` and `update-docker-image` commands.
```

* Fixed an issue where the `server_min_version` field in metadata was an empty value when parsing packs without content items.
* Fixed an issue where **generate-python-to-yml** generated input arguments as required even though required=False was specified.
* Fixed an issue where **generate-python-to-yml** generated input arguments a default arguments when default=some_value was provided.

> * Added the **pre-commit** command, to run pre-commit hooks on XSOAR content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the **pre-commit** command, to improve code quality of XSOAR content.
```

* Refactored the logging framework. Demisto-SDK logs will now be written to `.demist_sdk_debug.log` under the content path (when detected) or the current directory.
* Added `GR105` validation to **validate** command to check that no duplicate IDs are used.
* Added support for API Modules imported in API modules in the **unify** command.
* Added the **pre-commit** command, to run pre-commit hooks on XSOAR content.
* Added the **run-unit-tests** command, to run unit tests of given content items inside their respective docker images.
* Added support for filepath arguments in the **validate** and **format** commands.

> * Added pre-commit hooks for `validate`, `format`, `run-unit-tests` and `update-docker-image` commands.

Reviewer: please pull from mastser :)

* Added `GR105` validation to **validate** command to check that no duplicate IDs are used.
* Added support for API Modules imported in API modules in the **unify** command.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

* Fixed an issue where **lint** sometimes failed when using the `-cdam` flag due to wrong file duplications filtering.
* Added the content graph to **validate**, use with the `--graph` flag.

> * Added the **pre-commit** command, to run pre-commit hooks on XSOAR content.

Reviewer: update here please

* Added the **run-unit-tests** command, to run unit tests of given content items inside their respective docker images.
* Added support for filepath arguments in the **validate** and **format** commands.
* Added pre-commit hooks for `validate`, `format`, `run-unit-tests` and `update-docker-image` commands.

## 1.9.0
* Fixed an issue where the Slack notifier was using a deprecated argument.
* Added the `--docker-image` argument to the **lint** command, which allows determining the docker image to run lint on. Possible options are: `'native:ga'`, `'native:maintenance'`, `'native:dev'`, `'all'`, a specific docker image (from Docker Hub) or, the default `'from-yml'`.
* Fixed an issue in **prepare-content** command where large code lines were broken.
* Added a logger warning to **get_demisto_version**, the task will now fail with a more informative message.
* Fixed an issue where the **upload** and **prepare-content** commands didn't add `fromServerVersion` and `toServerVersion` to layouts.

> * * Updated **lint** to use graph instead of id_set when running with `--check-dependent-api-module` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated **lint** to use graph instead of id_set when running with `--check-dependent-api-module` flag.
```

* Added the marketplaces field to all schemas.
* Added the flag `--xsoar-only` to the **doc-review** command which enables reviewing documents that belong to XSOAR-supported Packs.
* Fixed an issue in **update-release-notes** command where an error occurred when executing the same command a second time.
* Fixed an issue where **validate** would not always ignore errors listed under `.pack-ignore`.
* Fixed an issue where running **validate** on a specific pack didn't test all the relevant entities.
* Fixed an issue where fields ending with `_x2` where not replaced in the appropriate Marketplace.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
